I am sorry for the antagonistic and edgy tone of this statement, but I strongly believe the time has arrived to say something to our so called "society" and institutions.

You did absolutely \*\*\*\* all to resolve the pandemic, you did close to nothing to prepare yourselves to it and let alone did you do anything to functionally resolve problems. You are oppressing our individual liberties because of the shortcomings of your institutions, you're stifling your economy and as a consequence our income because of your vices and last but not least you seemto be absolutely stuck into a self-repetitive loop of making the same idiotic mistakes over and over again.

1) You won't accept that smart working and learning is the future, and that it solves mush more problems objectively than working in crowded classrooms with limited space and resources. This technology enables wonders your primate brains are not capable of understanding: you can follow a math lesson while hiking in the mountains of another country, you can finally leave the enclosed environment of your office and work connected anywhere anytime. You finally no longer have to commute like a madman, you can save time and effort which would otherwise be used for logistics, you can solve pollution by reducing the need for public transportation, you can reduce traffic and acoustic noise in cities drastically. All these wonders that are allowed by these relatively new technologies, which have actually existed since the 1990s would solve 50% of 50% of the problems you're regularly whining for. I hoped that after the pandemic you would learn to accept this technology and change the way working and learning is done, but apparently you really are so individually inept that you can't critically examine such a basic thing. I am not Einstein.

2) Instead of using a technology that has existed commercially since the early 50s/late 40s you decide to reopen all stadiums instead of simply accepting that you can watch a football match at home as virtually every match is broadcasted nowadays. Likewise, Instead of finally accepting that you can buy virtually anything from the internet and have deliveries, you want to go back to crowded bars and the like.

3) You abrogate your individual rights and freedom because you can't get your rusty overcrowded systems to work, you cry on the news channels that hospitals, ambulances and the entire healthcare is being overwhelmed by the amount of people and that we hence have to stay home, you delegate your own shortcomings to us who have no power upon your institutions in the first place except for a small cross on a piece of paper. What do you decide to do to  solve this problem? Absolutely and utterly nothing. Instead of increasing the capacity of the healthcare system so that we don't have to live with restricted freedom you simply decide to lock us up in our homes and don't do nothing at all to increase the capacity of your hospitals. Now, what kind of intelligence do you need to see that the only problem here is and remains your healthcare system, and not us? How and when will you see the act of limiting our freedom solves absolutely and utterly nothing? You have the same rusty and inefficient healthcare system, ready to finally collapse when a deadlier virus arises. So why, for the love of god, don't you use your funds to increase the capience of your hospitals, schools, buses, whatever the heck else to avoid the need to restrict everyone and allow old people to die? When will you understand that locking us up without actually changing anything solves nothing? When will you see that the only people to blame for the inefficient healthcare is you, and not us?
So instead of removing the thrice damned improvements and machines you got to face the pandemic, keep them there. The way you seem to strategically screw yourselves up almost seems to be done on purpose...

4) Your utter contradictory mindset is the biggest problem and cruelty that has ever endorsed the human race: You want to go back to crowded classrooms but don't increment the capacity of the public transportation system, healthcare and schools. You whine about climate change yet don't accept or implement technologies that actually directly or indirectly solve this. You scream that me going to hike in the middle of nowhere is selfish and irresponsible, and yet the fact you need to see another hairless ape in the face and socialize seems to be a need beyond any possible improvement and responsibility. You want us to stay home while you keep relying on other nations to feed you resources instead of using your thrice damned brain to solve your national issues for good. You ask people to look at the long term by having a preventive approach while your own approach to this whole issue has been the most reactive and short-sighted out of all. You lament that your economy is failing, but you don't do anything to solve this issue and instead spend much more resources than you could spend if you finally accepted nothing should be like it was before.

And what's even worse is the utter passivity of the people. Clock in, clock out. Our big daddy says we have to wear a mask, we all wear a mask even if we do it wrong and when it's useless, our daddy says we can go outside and do the same tripe that caused the pandemic so we do it.
Your incapacity to adapt to a new environmental context is truly appalling. You call yourselves the social kings of our earth, yet as soon as you have a small bug near your home, you are clamorously lost. You never think, you never cease to socialize, that social need of yours is pushing you to be a danger both to yourself and to others: It's pushing you to remain indapaptable, it makes you incapable of thinking critically to solve any problem you must face in your life, It makes you helplessly attached to that great normality you want to go back to. Giving the flawed governments you elect all the reasons to limit that freedom you can't use. You are utterly against the fundamental tenets of natural selection during this pandemic: Adapting to your environment. I am clueless on to why you still exist if this is how you approach emergency and novelty. You all seem like a static mass of tripe to me, stuck in their pointless loops resisting any kind of change that feels uncomfortable at first but actually is good for the long term, rejecting any sort of difference. The more you become the focus point of this society, the more you seem to become a cancerous presence in direct opposition to the only thing capable of healing things and people: change and progress.

It saddens me to see that out of all the lessons we could have learned thanks to this, we learned that normality and social needs transcend all improvement, work and responsibility. If humanity stops to learn from the past and improve, which is the highest moral duty and value of any being, we're done for.

As I said somewhere else, I'd rather live in the jungle on my own and eat dandelion soup rather than having another virus outbreak in a system like this. This society and most of the people in it suck, it's time for a change.

Audible Individualism - 25 October 2020
