Act like an animal of your choice for the next minute.
Act like you do not understand human language until your next turn (come up with your own language).
Act like your favourite Disney character for the rest of the game.
Answer the next truth question with complete honesty.
Ask a friend for their mum's phone number.
Change your phone wallpaper to the choice of the group for 7 days.
Choose 3 people here and tell us the latest lie you told to them.
Close your eyes and send a blind text to a random person.
Compose a poem on the spot based on something the group comes up with.
Curse as badly as you can for the next 20 seconds.
Delete the last 10 pictures in your camera roll permanently (remove them from recently deleted too).
Describe the last dream you had.
Do a yoga pose for 3 minutes.
Eat an ice cube.
Everything you say for the next 5 minutes has to rhyme.
Everything you say for the next 5 minutes must not contain the words: 'but', 'a', 'the', 'or'.
Fake cry for the group.
Go commando for the rest of the game.
Have everyone here list one thing they like and dislike about you.
Hum a song of your choice, don’t stop until someone correctly guesses the song.
Imitate your favourite celebrity.
Imitate your least favourite celebrity.
Let us choose your profile picture for the next 24 hours.
Lick the floor.
List everyone as the kind on animal you see them as.
Link everyone to the last song you listened to.
List everything in your wallet, including the total amount of cash you have.
Make a freestyle rap song about each person in the group.
Make a poem using the words 'orange' and 'moose'.
Make a poem using the words 'pineapple' and 'apple'.
Make a poem using the words 'goose' and 'peanuts'.
Make up a poem about the colour blue.
Make up a story about a random person in the group.
Pair everyone here up into couples.
Post 'I love English!' on a social media.
Prank call the last person that called you.
Propose to someone in the group.
Put ice in your clothes and wait until it melts.
Rate everyone here 1-10 in terms of intelligence.
Rate everyone here 1-10 in terms of looks.
Rate everyone here 1-10 in terms of personality.
Record a video of you dancing, but without music.
Record a video of you playing the air drums to a song of your choice.
Record a video of you playing the air guitar to a song of your choice.
Record an impression of your favourite celebrity.
Record an impression of your favourite animal.
Record your best evil laugh; as loud as you can.
Record your best president impression.
Record yourself saying the alphabet backwards.
Record yourself singing "Twinkle Twinkle, Little Star" while beat boxing.
Record yourself singing the alphabet without moving your mouth.
Record yourself talking about your favourite food in a russian accent.
Say "ya heard meh" after everything you say for the next 5 minutes.
Say "you know what am sayin" after everything you say for the next 5 minutes.
Scream at the top of your lungs whatever the chat wants.
Send 5 pleading emojis to the last person you DMed.
Send a picture of your eyes.
Send an email to one of your teachers, telling them about how your day is going and take a screenshot.
Send an unsolicited text message to one of your friends, telling them about how your day is going and take a screenshot.
Send the 5th person in your DMs something embarrassing.
Send the last photo you took with your phone camera.
Send the last screenshot you took on your phone.
Send the most embarrassing photo on your phone.
Send the most furry-like message possible.
Send the oldest selfie on your phone.
Send a screenshot of your most recent Google search history.
Send a selfie of you making a funny face.
Send your crush something wholesome.
Set your phone language to Chinese for the next 10 minutes.
Show everyone an embarrasing picture of you.
Show everyone the last 5 messages with the last person who you messaged you.
Show everyone your DMs list.
Show everyone your screen time.
Show everyone your suggested emoji list.
Show the last three people you texted and what the messages said.
Show your phone's screen lock and wallpaper.
Sing a lullaby.
Sing a random song as high-pitched and loud as you can. Show everyone your legendary vocal range.
Take a 16Personalities test and show everyone your results.
Talk in a British accent for the next 3 rounds.
Talk in a Chinese accent for the next 3 rounds.
Talk in a German accent for the next 3 rounds.
Talk in a Russian accent for the next 3 rounds.
Talk in an accent of your choice for the next 3 rounds.
Talk in an Australian accent for the next 3 rounds.
Text someone asking them if they believe in aliens, send a screenshot of the conversation.
Text the first six people in your message history 'a' and don't reply if they bring it up.
Text your bff 'I kinda have a crush on you wanna go out?', and don't reply to any of their messages for 7 days.
Text your crush and tell them how much you like them.
Text your crush 'I love you'.
Tell everyone 5 of your bad habits.
Tell everyone something about you that you've never told them before.
Tell everyone your honest opinion of the person who sent this command.
Tell your crush that you don't love them.
Type "p" into your search bar and send a screenshot of the results.
Use the letters of the name of another player to describe them (ex. SAM : S = Silly ; A = Attractive ; M = Merry).
Wear a clothing item often associated with a different gender tomorrow.
Yell a swear word really loudly.
Yell out the first word that comes to your mind, and record it.
Yell something dirty.
